Hey, I want to prepare an interactive slide for a talk I'm making. It needs to be a single html page with vanilla javascript, called "download-extraction-timeline.html", showing two slider bars, one below the other, representing download speed and extraction speed, both ranging from 100 MB/s to 400 MB/s, step of 25, and default value of 225. Put the labels "Download speed:" and "Extraction speed:" to the left of the slider bars. Below these, there are 2 slider bars, one below the other, representing the sizes of two files, ranging between 0 to 2700 MB, with default value of 900 MB. To the left of these put labels "File 1 size:" and "File 2 size:". Under these include a line for "File 3 size:", whose size is calculated as the maximum between 0 and 2700 minus the other file sizes, meaning it is a file complementing files 1 and 2 to 2700 MB. Below these there should be a canvas on which we'll draw three horizontal timelines separated vertically, representing the download and extraction of three files, where the file sizes are according to the two slider bars, and the third file supplements to a total of 2700 MB (if the two files go over 2700 then the third file is 0 MB), with the rules: downloads are in parallel, extraction happens interleaved with download, but in sequence, meaning the extraction of the second file starts right after the extraction of the first file ends and also the second file finished downloading - whichever is first. Similarly, the third file extraction starts right after it both finished downloading and the second file finished finished being extracted. So there are three rows, each row has two line segments, first (i.e. on the left) a blue line representing download, and then an orange line representing extraction. In the first row, the extraction segment starts right after the download segment. The length of segments corresponds to the actual time it will take to download or extract that file, given that the total download speed is provided by the download slider bar, and the extraction speed is provided by the extraction slider bar. In order to compute the download end times correctly, you must first compute the download end time of the smallest of the files, considering that the download speed per file until this moment is a third of the total speed. Then, if there are two files larger than the smallest file, you must now calculate the next download end time by subtracting what was already downloaded from them - the size of the smallest file - and divide by half of total download speed. If there's only one file larger than the smallest file, then after subtracting the size of the first file you divide by the total download speed, since it is downloaded alone. If the three files have distinct sizes, then after downloading the first two, finally subtract the size of the median size from the maximum size and divide by the total download speed in order to find when the largest file finishes downloading. The full computation of download end times is complicated since the total download speed is shared by active downloads, and the number of active downloads changes each time a file finishes downloading. Include a time axis below the three rows, showing time in seconds, that adjusts its range when the speeds and sizes are changed, but don't let it go below 30 seconds. Under the canvas include a label "Total time:" with the total time in seconds. This interactive slide will allow me to show how the total time for downloading and extracting three files changes in response to changing the file sizes or the download and extraction speeds. 
